Extend NS and FV documentation for NIST training (#23201)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/intro_slides/slides/index.md

!---

# Rhie-Chow Interpolation
style=font-size:26pt

- When using linear interpolation for the advecting velocity and the pressure gradient, we

>   encounter a checker-boarding effect for the pressure field. Two solutions are allowed to exist
>   at the same time, which is undesirable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  encounter a checker-boarding effect for the pressure field. Neighboring cell center solution values are decoupled, which is undesirable.
```
